FindMax Write-Up
Author: Eliot Cowley
Date: 2/6/2015
Class: CS377 Parallel Programming

	This first programming assignment introduced me to the C programming language, and made me learn what are likely to be very important concepts, including using pointers, reading input, 
and looping through arrays. Although finding the maximum integer in an array of integers is a fairly straightforward problem, one that I could confidently do in a language that I already know like
Java, doing it in a completely new language was a challenge. C is similar to many of the languages that I use already, so it wasn’t that huge of a leap, but it has some peculiarities that I 
struggled with and will likely continue to struggle with for some time.
	Pointers in particular are something that I struggled with. The concept of a pointer is a bit foreign to me, as I haven’t used them in other languages before, only heard about them during 
my education. Additionally, the syntax for pointers was kind of puzzling, such as knowing when to use an asterisk or an ampersand. After going through several online tutorials on pointers I finally
started to grasp them, but using pointers on arrays was still pretty tricky. I also had trouble with memory allocation, although I grasped the concept better.
	I couldn’t start this assignment without knowing C, so I started reading The C Programming Language by Kernighan and Ritchie. I read the first two chapters, following along with the sample
code and doing the exercises. I pretty much understood most of it, as it was more or less standard fare for a programming language. But after reading all that, I still couldn’t start the assignment
because I didn’t know how to properly read input, or how to use pointers and allocate memory. This frustrated me, because the things I needed to learn to start the assignment wouldn’t come until 
much later in the book, and I didn’t want to have to read the entire thing just to start my first assignment. It wasn’t too much of a problem, since I was able to find resources online to help me.
But I would rather have had the assignment follow along more closely with the book.
	I know this isn’t a class about C, but it would have been nice to get a primer on the language. How it differs from other programming languages, its syntax, pointers—these are things I 
would have liked to learn a little about in class. Even if we just had two or three lectures devoted to it, that would have been enough to get started. Learning new languages is usually pretty 
easy, especially modern languages since they all somewhat resemble each other, but C is kind of a different beast, especially if you haven’t programmed in any of its variants before. With C, it’s 
important to know how to use pointers, allocate memory, and when to free up said memory. Learning these things would have been tremendously helpful.
	All in all, however, I enjoyed this assignment. It was a good way to introduce me to C, which was easy enough to jump into. The book may be dense, but it’s good. When I ran into trouble, 
there were enough resources online to help me. I also kind of wish that we didn’t have to use Vim, since it is kind of difficult for me to use, but perhaps it’s a useful tool to learn as a 
programmer, since it is so widely used.
